
1. Current font is very basic, maybe need to change to KOLLEKTIF, which is one of the brand guideline font, or something else as you feel appropriate. (Landmark Kathmandu reference)
2. Font color not standing out against page background color. 
3. Menu Bar Items, change to and only include: HOTEL, ROOMS, DINING, EVENTS, GALLERY (And also in CAPS) (Reference: Hyatt Place website)
4. Do not overlap menu bar over the photos. Keep it above photo, and expand/shrick it just like Hyatt Place Kathmandu website.
5. No “Welcome to…” overlapping the Photo. Keep photo clear no text
6. Replace current hotel intro with the new one below. No need read more.
7. Next Section: Our Rooms (Then include our 4 room categories). Follow format from Landmark Kathmandu.
8. Next: Amenities and Services (Include from the list below)
9. NO NEED OUR SERVICES HEADING, just include; Banner of Kreeti Hall & Kavya Hall with Crystal Events Logo and Banner with Restaurnt Photo & Skydeck Logo
10. Remove “ all you guides and travl plan “ section
11. Next Section: Central Location: Include 4 landmarks only (pashupati, TIA, Boushha, Thamel) with distance in ascending order of distance  (all 4 in single row). 
12. Next section: Guest Review 
13. OTA
14. Footer: Include Logos of crystal pashupati, crystal events, skydeck adn trade tower group ALL FOUR. Include Hotel by Trade Tower Group

HOTEL INTRO:
Welcome to Crystal Pashupati
Experience tranquility and comfort just steps away from the blessed Pasupatinath Temple. Our cozy rooms, modern facilities, and soothing decor await you for a memorable stay. Conveniently located near the airport, your journey to relaxation begins the moment you arrive.

AMENEITES & SERVICES LIST: (5 on each row, small icons)
Free Internet AccessFree Parking
Pasupatinath Aarati Tour
Air Conditioned Room
Airport Pickup/Drop
On-Site Restaurant
Room Service
Laundry Services
Banquet & Event Space

Our team likes the website of Landmark Kathmandu/Pokhara and Hyatt Place Kathmandu very much. Simplistic design language and content. Want similar for crystal pashupati.

So request you to please take Landmark’s website as reference for both homepage, and other inside pages to be built later on.